README.md, before:

# 🌌 SH1W4 - Building Intelligent Infrastructure

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00D9FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Advanced+AI+Systems+Architect;Founder+%40+Symbeon+Labs;Building+Innovation+Infrastructure" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/symbeon-labs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Symbeon_Labs-Organization-00D9FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="Symbeon Labs"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/SH1W4?tab=repositories"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Projects-Active-success?style=for-the-badge&logo=rocket" alt="Projects"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/SH1W4?tab=followers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/SH1W4?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&label=Followers&color=blueviolet" alt="Followers"></a>
</p>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

I'm **SH1W4**, founder of [**Symbeon Labs**](https://github.com/symbeon-labs) — building **technological infrastructure** for the Brazilian innovation ecosystem.

My work focuses on **Applied AI Engineering**: creating robust, scalable systems that solve complex real-world problems through intelligent automation and human collaboration.

### 🎯 Current Focus

- 🏢 **Symbeon Labs** - Innovation Infrastructure for Brazilian Ecosystem
- 🛡️ **EditalShield** - AI-powered IP protection for innovation grants (Open-Core)
- 🌐 **VIREON MCP Ecosystem** - Model Context Protocol integrations
- 🧠 **Adaptive AI Systems** - Designing flexible, context-aware AI agents

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### 🛡️ [EditalShield](https://github.com/symbeon-labs/editalshield)
**AI-Powered IP Protection Framework for Brazilian Innovation Grants**

- 🎯 **Problem:** Startups face a dilemma — reveal too much IP = lose competitive advantage; reveal too little = lose the grant
- 🤖 **Solution:** Bayesian classifier + Pattern Weights + Protection Levels (LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH)
- ⚖️ **Legal AI:** Autonomous agent interpreting Brazilian IP Law (LPI 9.279/96)
- 🔌 **MCP Ready:** 7 tools for AI agents (Claude, Cline, etc.)
- 💰 **Business Model:** Open-Core (MIT) + Enterprise (DeepSeek, Multi-tenant, White-label)

**Tech Stack:** Python, PostgreSQL, Streamlit, Docker, scikit-learn, MCP

```bash
# Quick Start
git clone https://github.com/symbeon-labs/editalshield.git
cd editalshield && pip install -e .
editalshield analyze memorial.txt
```

---

### 🌐 [VIREON MCP Ecosystem](https://github.com/SH1W4/mcp-ecosystem)
**Model Context Protocol Server Collection**

A curated ecosystem of MCP servers for AI agents, enabling seamless tool integration across platforms.

**Featured Servers:**
- 📊 **Analytics MCP** - Data analysis and visualization
- 🔍 **Research MCP** - Academic paper search (ArXiv, USPTO)
- 🛠️ **DevTools MCP** - Development utilities

**Tech Stack:** Python, TypeScript, MCP Protocol

---

### 📚 [DocSync](https://github.com/SH1W4/docsync)
**AI-Powered Documentation Management System**

Intelligent documentation synchronization and validation using AI agents.

**Features:**
- ✅ Auto-sync documentation across projects
- ✅ AI-powered validation and consistency checks
- ✅ Integration with MCP ecosystem

**Tech Stack:** Python, Jinja2, Git automation

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Languages & Frameworks**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

### **AI/ML & Data**
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)

### **Infrastructure & DevOps**
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)

### **Web & UI**
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SH1W4&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=00D9FF&icon_color=00D9FF&text_color=C9D1D9" alt="GitHub Stats" height="180"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SH1W4&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=00D9FF&text_color=C9D1D9" alt="Top Languages" height="180"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=SH1W4&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=00D9FF&ring=00D9FF&fire=FF6B6B&currStreakLabel=00D9FF" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</p>

---

## 🏢 Symbeon Labs

**Innovation Infrastructure for the Brazilian Ecosystem**

Symbeon Labs develops **AI-powered platforms** that serve as infrastructure for innovation ecosystems, not just isolated tools.

### 🎯 Mission
Enable Brazilian startups, accelerators, and government agencies to maximize innovation grant success while protecting intellectual property.

### 💡 Philosophy: Pragmatic Innovation
We build technology to solve real problems. Our systems are designed for **impact**, **scalability**, and **reliability**.

### 📈 Business Model
- **Open-Core:** Core features MIT licensed (community-driven)
- **Enterprise:** Advanced features for B2B/B2G (DeepSeek integration, multi-tenant, white-label)
- **Infrastructure:** Platform approach enabling ecosystem-wide impact

---

## 🌟 Vision: Applied AI Philosophy

I believe the true value of AI lies in its practical application to empower human potential:

1. **Symbiotic Systems** - AI tools that integrate seamlessly into human workflows
2. **Distributed Intelligence** - Ecosystems of specialized agents (MCP)
3. **Transparent Architecture** - Open-source foundations enabling trust and auditability
4. **Pragmatic Implementation** - Solving real pains with cutting-edge technology

> *"The goal is not to replace the human mind, but to give it better tools to build the future."*

---

## 📫 Connect

- 🏢 **Organization:** [Symbeon Labs](https://github.com/symbeon-labs)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [Coming Soon]
- 📧 **Email:** [contact@symbeon.com]
- 🐦 **Twitter:** [Coming Soon]

---

## 🎨 Recent Activity

<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=SH1W4&color=00D9FF&style=for-the-badge&label=Profile+Views" alt="Profile Views" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <sub>Building the future of Human-AI collaboration, one commit at a time 🚀</sub>
</p>

---

**⚡ Fun Fact:** The name "SH1W4" represents the fusion of human intuition (SH) and machine precision (1W4) — a constant reminder that the best solutions emerge from symbiosis, not separation.

Commit message:

feat: emphasize process automation link 🤖
- Refined 'About Me' to highlight 'Process Automation' intersection
- Added 'Agentic Workflows' to Vision section
- Positioned AI as an execution engine, not just a chatbot
- Added 'Agentic Automation' to Current Focus

Goal: Show technical capability to bridge AI with real business workflows.

README.md, after:

# 🌌 SH1W4 - Building Intelligent Infrastructure

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=Fira+Code&weight=600&size=28&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=00D9FF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Advanced+AI+Systems+Architect;Founder+%40+Symbeon+Labs;Building+Innovation+Infrastructure" alt="Typing SVG" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/symbeon-labs"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Symbeon_Labs-Organization-00D9FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github" alt="Symbeon Labs"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/SH1W4?tab=repositories"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Projects-Active-success?style=for-the-badge&logo=rocket" alt="Projects"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/SH1W4?tab=followers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/followers/SH1W4?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&label=Followers&color=blueviolet" alt="Followers"></a>
</p>

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me

I'm **SH1W4**, founder of [**Symbeon Labs**](https://github.com/symbeon-labs) — building **technological infrastructure** for the Brazilian innovation ecosystem.

My work lies at the intersection of **Advanced AI** and **Process Automation**: I build systems where AI agents don't just "chat", but **execute complex workflows** autonomously, bridging the gap between intelligence and action.

### 🎯 Current Focus

- 🏢 **Symbeon Labs** - Innovation Infrastructure for Brazilian Ecosystem
- 🛡️ **EditalShield** - AI-powered IP protection aiming for B2B2G processes
- 🤖 **Agentic Automation** - Orchestrating multi-agent systems for end-to-end task execution
- 🌐 **VIREON MCP Ecosystem** - Enabling tools for AI working within workflows

---

## 🚀 Featured Projects

### 🛡️ [EditalShield](https://github.com/symbeon-labs/editalshield)
**AI-Powered IP Protection Framework for Brazilian Innovation Grants**

- 🎯 **Problem:** Startups face a dilemma — reveal too much IP = lose competitive advantage; reveal too little = lose the grant
- 🤖 **Solution:** Bayesian classifier + Pattern Weights + Protection Levels (LOW/MEDIUM/HIGH)
- ⚖️ **Legal AI:** Autonomous agent interpreting Brazilian IP Law (LPI 9.279/96)
- 🔌 **MCP Ready:** 7 tools for AI agents (Claude, Cline, etc.)
- 💰 **Business Model:** Open-Core (MIT) + Enterprise (DeepSeek, Multi-tenant, White-label)

**Tech Stack:** Python, PostgreSQL, Streamlit, Docker, scikit-learn, MCP

```bash
# Quick Start
git clone https://github.com/symbeon-labs/editalshield.git
cd editalshield && pip install -e .
editalshield analyze memorial.txt
```

---

### 🌐 [VIREON MCP Ecosystem](https://github.com/SH1W4/mcp-ecosystem)
**Model Context Protocol Server Collection**

A curated ecosystem of MCP servers for AI agents, enabling seamless tool integration across platforms.

**Featured Servers:**
- 📊 **Analytics MCP** - Data analysis and visualization
- 🔍 **Research MCP** - Academic paper search (ArXiv, USPTO)
- 🛠️ **DevTools MCP** - Development utilities

**Tech Stack:** Python, TypeScript, MCP Protocol

---

### 📚 [DocSync](https://github.com/SH1W4/docsync)
**AI-Powered Documentation Management System**

Intelligent documentation synchronization and validation using AI agents.

**Features:**
- ✅ Auto-sync documentation across projects
- ✅ AI-powered validation and consistency checks
- ✅ Integration with MCP ecosystem

**Tech Stack:** Python, Jinja2, Git automation

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### **Languages & Frameworks**
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)

### **AI/ML & Data**
![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit--learn-F7931E?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![PyTorch](https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-EE4C2C?style=for-the-badge&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?style=for-the-badge&logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?style=for-the-badge&logo=numpy&logoColor=white)

### **Infrastructure & DevOps**
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub Actions](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub_Actions-2088FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=github-actions&logoColor=white)

### **Web & UI**
![Streamlit](https://img.shields.io/badge/Streamlit-FF4B4B?style=for-the-badge&logo=streamlit&logoColor=white)
![FastAPI](https://img.shields.io/badge/FastAPI-009688?style=for-the-badge&logo=fastapi&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SH1W4&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=00D9FF&icon_color=00D9FF&text_color=C9D1D9" alt="GitHub Stats" height="180"/>
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SH1W4&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=00D9FF&text_color=C9D1D9" alt="Top Languages" height="180"/>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=SH1W4&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=00D9FF&ring=00D9FF&fire=FF6B6B&currStreakLabel=00D9FF" alt="GitHub Streak" />
</p>

---

## 🏢 Symbeon Labs

**Innovation Infrastructure for the Brazilian Ecosystem**

Symbeon Labs develops **AI-powered platforms** that serve as infrastructure for innovation ecosystems, not just isolated tools.

### 🎯 Mission
Enable Brazilian startups, accelerators, and government agencies to maximize innovation grant success while protecting intellectual property.

### 💡 Philosophy: Pragmatic Innovation
We build technology to solve real problems. Our systems are designed for **impact**, **scalability**, and **reliability**.

### 📈 Business Model
- **Open-Core:** Core features MIT licensed (community-driven)
- **Enterprise:** Advanced features for B2B/B2G (DeepSeek integration, multi-tenant, white-label)
- **Infrastructure:** Platform approach enabling ecosystem-wide impact

---

## 🌟 Vision: Applied AI Philosophy

I believe the true value of AI lies in its practical application to empower human potential:

1. **Symbiotic Systems** - AI tools that integrate seamlessly into human workflows
2. **Agentic Workflows** - AI as a reliable engine for complex process automation
3. **Transparent Architecture** - Open-source foundations enabling trust and auditability
4. **Pragmatic Implementation** - Solving real pains with cutting-edge technology

> *"The goal is not to replace the human mind, but to give it better tools to build the future."*

---

## 📫 Connect

- 🏢 **Organization:** [Symbeon Labs](https://github.com/symbeon-labs)
- 💼 **LinkedIn:** [Coming Soon]
- 📧 **Email:** [contact@symbeon.com]
- 🐦 **Twitter:** [Coming Soon]

---

## 🎨 Recent Activity

<!--START_SECTION:activity-->
<!--END_SECTION:activity-->

---

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=SH1W4&color=00D9FF&style=for-the-badge&label=Profile+Views" alt="Profile Views" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <sub>Building the future of Human-AI collaboration, one commit at a time 🚀</sub>
</p>

---

**⚡ Fun Fact:** The name "SH1W4" represents the fusion of human intuition (SH) and machine precision (1W4) — a constant reminder that the best solutions emerge from symbiosis, not separation.
